Welcome to the lesson. In this lesson,
I'll be giving you a broad overview of 3D medical imaging and the clinical contexts.
I'll go over what 3D medical images are,
distinguish them between 2D medical images,
tell you a little bit about why we would choose 3D medical imaging over 2D,
describe who uses three medical images,
talk about why someone would use medical images,
and how so in a clinical context,
and also give you a clinical decision making primer.
How we use images day-to-day and we think about them in terms of changing our management,
then switch over to Ivan.
Yeah. Then I will take over and I will tell you a little bit about
the physical principles that underlie CT and MRI scanners.
Then I will talk about some of the common 3D imaging task that you might run into
as you will be preparing your datasets for analysis. Enjoyed the lesson.